README.md, before:

# Vocabulary cards

Source from [obsidian-vocabulary-cards](https://github.com/meniam/obsidian-vocabulary-cards)  

## Totally Revamped
Languages of the code block are still `voca-card` or `voca-table` 
   
The new format is `word : [transcription] translation`  
  
The code block is fed by the markdown page content below it.   
If there are multiple code blocks, the content between them will be used to fill each block.  
  
Each codeblock now has an id, automatically generated, to save statistics. Don't copy an existing codeblock keeping the same id or delete id:123... from the code block.

The **↺ button** is used to synchronize the codeblock after editing the markdown page. If you have "no card", add some data then open and close the codeblock to update. ↺ will reappear.

Titles will be ignored. So you can use them to fold the content under the codeblock. And of course, organize your page.  

The card selection process employs a weighted random system. The number of right and wrong answers is limited to 5. Cards with 5 right answers are rarely displayed while cards with 5 wrong answers are displayed often.

![alt text](assets/example.jpg)

## [Idea to use it better to learn a language with perplexity AI](<assets/Idea to use it better to learn a language.md>)
  
## Development (Add this to your README)
  
### Optional (SASS):
If you add a `styles.scss` file to the src folder, it will be automatically converted to CSS when running commands like npm run dev or npm run build.   
  
### Environment Setup
  
- **Development in the plugins folder of your vault:**
  - Set the `REAL` variable to `-1` in the `.env` file. Or delete the file. Run the usual npm commands.

- **Development outside the vault:**
  - If your plugin's source code is outside the vault, the necessary files will be automatically copied to the targeted vault. Set the paths in the .env file. Use TestVault for the development vault and RealVault to simulate production.  
  
- **other steps:**   
  - You can then do `npm run version` to update the version and do the push of the changed files (package, manifest, version). Prompts will guide you.  
  
  - You can then do `npm run release` to create the release. Few seconds later you can see the created release in the GitHub releases.  

### Available Commands
  
*I recommend a `npm run start` then `npm run bacp` then `npm run version` then `npm run release`. Super fast and easy.*  
  
- **`npm run dev` and `npm start`**: For development. 
  `npm start` opens Visual Studio Code, runs `npm install`, and then `npm run dev`  
  
- **`npm run build`**: Builds the project in the folder containing the source code.  
  
- **`npm run real`**: Equivalent to a traditional installation of the plugin in your REAL vault.  
  
- **`npm run bacp`** & **`npm run acp`**: `b` stands for build, and `acp` stands for add, commit, push. You will be prompted for the commit message. 
  
- **`npm run version`**: Asks for the type of version update, modifies the relevant files, and then performs an add, commit, push.  
  
- **`npm run release`**: Asks for the release title, creates the release. This command works with the configurations in the `.github` folder. The release title can be multiline by using `\n`.

Commit message:

context menu clean old stats

README.md, after:

# Vocabulary cards

Source from [obsidian-vocabulary-cards](https://github.com/meniam/obsidian-vocabulary-cards)  

## Totally Revamped
Languages of the code block are still `voca-card` or `voca-table` 
   
The new format is `word : [transcription] translation`  
  
The code block is fed by the markdown page content below it.   
If there are multiple code blocks, the content between them will be used to fill each block.  
  
Each codeblock now has an id, automatically generated, to save statistics. Don't copy an existing codeblock keeping the same id or delete id:123... from the code block.

The **↺ button** is used to synchronize the codeblock after editing the markdown page. If you have "no card", add some data then open and close the codeblock to update. ↺ will reappear.

Titles will be ignored. So you can use them to fold the content under the codeblock. And of course, organize your page.  

The card selection process employs a weighted random system. The number of right and wrong answers is limited to 5. Cards with 5 right answers are rarely displayed while cards with 5 wrong answers are displayed often.

**Context menu**: for the moment to clean data of old codeblocks.

![alt text](assets/example.jpg)

## [Idea to use it better to learn a language with perplexity AI](<assets/Idea to use it better to learn a language.md>)
  
## Development (Add this to your README)
  
### Optional (SASS):
If you add a `styles.scss` file to the src folder, it will be automatically converted to CSS when running commands like npm run dev or npm run build.   
  
### Environment Setup
  
- **Development in the plugins folder of your vault:**
  - Set the `REAL` variable to `-1` in the `.env` file. Or delete the file. Run the usual npm commands.

- **Development outside the vault:**
  - If your plugin's source code is outside the vault, the necessary files will be automatically copied to the targeted vault. Set the paths in the .env file. Use TestVault for the development vault and RealVault to simulate production.  
  
- **other steps:**   
  - You can then do `npm run version` to update the version and do the push of the changed files (package, manifest, version). Prompts will guide you.  
  
  - You can then do `npm run release` to create the release. Few seconds later you can see the created release in the GitHub releases.  

### Available Commands
  
*I recommend a `npm run start` then `npm run bacp` then `npm run version` then `npm run release`. Super fast and easy.*  
  
- **`npm run dev` and `npm start`**: For development. 
  `npm start` opens Visual Studio Code, runs `npm install`, and then `npm run dev`  
  
- **`npm run build`**: Builds the project in the folder containing the source code.  
  
- **`npm run real`**: Equivalent to a traditional installation of the plugin in your REAL vault.  
  
- **`npm run bacp`** & **`npm run acp`**: `b` stands for build, and `acp` stands for add, commit, push. You will be prompted for the commit message. 
  
- **`npm run version`**: Asks for the type of version update, modifies the relevant files, and then performs an add, commit, push.  
  
- **`npm run release`**: Asks for the release title, creates the release. This command works with the configurations in the `.github` folder. The release title can be multiline by using `\n`.
